applications: nrf_desktop: Add PM for nrf54h20 (#19919)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    The Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:hwinfo_api` driver replaces the dependency on the nrfx reset reason helper (see the :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_get` and :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_clear` functions).
  * The release configuration for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target to enable the :ref:`nrf_desktop_failsafe` (see the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_FAILSAFE_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option).

* Added:

>   * System Power Management for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target on the application and radio cores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enabled system Power Management for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target on the application and radio cores.
```

Author: We already have added so I wouldn't duplicated it with enabled

>   * Turned on System Power Management for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target on app and rad cores.
>     Application still has high power consumption as controller needs no MRAM latency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * System Power Management for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target on the application and radio cores.
    The application still has high power consumption as the controller does not require MRAM latency.
```

Author: controller requires no MRAM latency :)

>     The application still has high power consumption as the controller does require no MRAM latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The application still has high power consumption as the Bluetooth LE controller running on radio core does require no MRAM latency (:kconfig:option:`...`).
    Enabling MRAM latency makes Bluetooth LE controller unstable.
```

    The Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:hwinfo_api` driver replaces the dependency on the nrfx reset reason helper (see the :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_get` and :c:func:`nrfx_reset_reason_clear` functions).
  * The release configuration for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target to enable the :ref:`nrf_desktop_failsafe` (see the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_FAILSAFE_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option).

* Added:

  * System Power Management for the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` board target on the application and radio cores.

>     The application still has high power consumption as the Bluetooth LE controller running on radio core require disabling MRAM latency (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MRAM_LATENCY_AUTO_REQ`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The application still has high power consumption as the Bluetooth LE controller running on the radio core requires disabling MRAM latency (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MRAM_LATENCY_AUTO_REQ`).
```

>     The application still has high power consumption as the Bluetooth LE controller running on radio core require disabling MRAM latency (:ref:`CONFIG_MRAM_LATENCY <config_desktop_app_options>`).

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `:kconfig:option:CONFIG_MRAM_LATENCY_AUTO_REQ` ?

>     Enabling MRAM latency makes Bluetooth LE controller unstable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Enabling MRAM latency makes the Bluetooth LE controller unstable.
```
